feat(config): custom status checks (#26047)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

e.g. if you are on webpack@v1 currently then default behavior is a PR for upgrading to webpack@v3 and not for webpack@v2.
If this setting is true then you would get one PR for webpack@v2 and one for webpack@v3.

## statusCheckNames

> You can customize the context of the status check that Renovate adds to its update branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the name/context of status checks that Renovate adds to commits/branches/PRs.
```

> You can modify existing status checks, but adding new status checks is _not_ supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option enables you to modify any existing status checks name/context, but adding new status checks this way is _not_ supported.
```

- Setting the value to `null` or an empty string, effectively disables or skips that status check
- This option is mergeable, which means you only have to specify the status checks that you want to modify

> ```json

Reviewer 2: Here's how you add the title: [^1]

```suggestion
```json title="Example of overriding status check strings"
```

[^1]: [Material for MkDocs, adding a title to codeblocks](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/code-blocks/#adding-a-title)
